clarify FQCN use for playbooks (#71816)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_intro.rst

* the managed nodes to target, using a :ref:`pattern <intro_patterns>`
* at least one task to execute

.. note::

> 	In Ansible 2.10 and later, we recommend you use the fully-qualified collection name in your playbooks to ensure the correct module is selected, as some modules may have the same name in different collections. See :ref:`collections_using_playbook`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	In Ansible 2.10 and later, we recommend you use the fully-qualified collection name in your playbooks to ensure the correct module is selected, because multiple collections can contain modules with the same name (for example, ``user``). See :ref:`collections_using_playbook`.
```
